DOCS-3204: Add docs for add image to dataset button, incorporate into tutorials where helpful (#4244)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/data-ai/ai/train-tflite.md

---

Many machines have cameras through which they can monitor their environment.
With machine leaning (ML), you can train models on patterns within image data.
Follow this guide to use your image data to train an ML model, so that your machine can make inferences about its environment.

## Prerequisites

{{% expand "a machine connected to the Viam app" %}}

{{% snippet "setup.md" %}}

{{% /expand %}}

{{% expand "a dataset with labels" %}}

Follow the guide to [create a dataset](/data-ai/ai/create-dataset/).

{{% /expand%}}

## Train a machine learning model

Now that you have a dataset that contains your labeled images, you are ready to train a machine learning model.

{{< table >}}
{{% tablestep number=1 %}}
**Train an ML model**

1. In the Viam app, navigate to your list of [**DATASETS**](https://app.viam.com/data/datasets) and select the one you want to train on.

1. Click **Train model** and follow the prompts.
   You can train a TFLite model using **Built-in training**.

> 1. Click **Next steps**.

Reviewer: Consider splitting this up in 2-3 steps instead to avoid the subnesting

---

Many machines have cameras through which they can monitor their environment.
With machine leaning (ML), you can train models on patterns within image data.
Follow this guide to use your image data to train an ML model, so that your machine can make inferences about its environment.

## Prerequisites

{{% expand "a machine connected to the Viam app" %}}

{{% snippet "setup.md" %}}

{{% /expand %}}

{{% expand "a dataset with labels" %}}

Follow the guide to [create a dataset](/data-ai/ai/create-dataset/).

{{% /expand%}}

## Train a machine learning model

Now that you have a dataset that contains your labeled images, you are ready to train a machine learning model.

{{< table >}}
{{% tablestep number=1 %}}

> **Train an ML model**
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: D'oh. All of these tablesteps should have titles! I added one for the first step, so I think I should leave this one.

- [a `tflite_cpu` ML model](/data-ai/ai/deploy/) with the model you just trained
- [an `mlmodel` vision service](/operate/reference/services/vision/mlmodel/) using the `tflite_cpu` model

> ## Iterate your ML model

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Iterate on your ML model
```

With the right training dataset, your ML model can perform well as soon as training completes.
But edge cases always exist.
You are unlikely to account for all false positives or false negatives during your first round of training.
Instead, keep track of edge cases as you run your model.

> Add them to your training dataset, annotate them, and re-train your model using the new data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add images capturing edge cases to your training dataset, annotate them, and re-train your model using the new data.
```

> Using this approach, each subsequent model version should be more accurate than the last.

Reviewer: avoid conditionals
```suggestion
Using this approach, each subsequent model version becomes more accurate than the last.
```
